Come on, come on.
Oops what is this
Wife, wait until I make money in the future
I will definitely buy you a big house.
Really
that
So here I want a big fireplace
Here's a big full-length mirror
Okay, I'm going to lay a thick carpet here.
So we can see it later
Then it won't be cold
He is also there. Did you see it here?
I want a long and big swimming pool here
Let's go swimming in our underwear
these
It's all your makeup as I said before. Yes.
Since you left
No matter what I do, I will think of you
Remember what we said together
What we did together
I used to think it was because I hated you
But
Until I see you again
I just realized it's because I love you
Boss, I have worked hard to get to where I am today.
I just want you to see me again
If the price of my success is losing you
I have nothing.
A house wants to take me